>> Jen Kramer: The next thing to
do is to take this real world,
now that we've done all this work on pie.
What I'd like for
you to do next is the following.
We're gonna move on here
to folder number four.
This is gonna be an exercise that is
very real world in a lot of cases, so.
This is the Pie in the Sky web site.
The colors are horrendous
on this projector.
Trust me that they're way better on
the computer that's in front of you.
Hoo, those are bad colors.
So if you take a look at this, this is
actually laid out currently using floats.
So this is a full webpage that's laid
out with floats, and what I'd like for
you to do now, is I'd like for you to
take, basically, the grid system that you
just wrote with Flexbox, and I'd like you
to apply it to this particular webpage.
So you're gonna need to think about
how exactly you're gonna lay this
out differently,
using with your Flexbox styles,
and classes, going ahead, and
apply them to this particular page.
And basically, the end result should look
exactly like this, but it should be coded
with Flexbox in a Grid system,
instead of being coded with floats.
So that's the desktop.
>> Jen Kramer: Here is the tablet size.
We've got these guys stacked underneath.
And then, finally, of course,
is mobile, all right?
With everything stacked
on top of each other.
Normally, you might go to a hamburger
button here on the navigation.
In the interest of keeping JavaScript
out of things, I've just gone ahead and
changed the order here of the navigation
to work with fat fingers.
So let's go ahead, and take,
let's say, a half an hour?
Sound good?
Then, go on ahead and
hack up at this page, and
this is all in folder number four,
chapter four, and
the name of that folder
is pie 4-pie-flexbox.
Have fun.